Add NU1015 docs (#3437)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/reference/errors-and-warnings/NU1015.md

---
title: NuGet Error NU1015
description: NU1015 error code
author: zivkan
ms.author: zivkan
ms.date: 06/04/2025
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords: 
  - "NU1015"
---

# NuGet Error NU1015

## Scenario

> The following PackageReference item(s) do not have a version specified: Contoso.Utilities

### Issue

Your project file, or a file it imports (for example `Directory.Build.props`) has defined a `PackageReference` without a version.

> Projects using [Central Package Management (CPM)](../../consume-packages/Central-Package-Management.md) must not define a version, so this error could happen if a project has CPM disabled by accident, or if a project or `PackageReference` using CPM is copied into another solution that is not using CPM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects using [Central Package Management (CPM)](../../consume-packages/Central-Package-Management.md) do not define a version on the PackageReference item, so this error could happen if a project has CPM disabled by accident, or if a project or `PackageReference` using CPM is copied into another solution that is not using CPM.
```

### Solution

- Add a version to the package reference

If you edit your project, a package reference will generally look similar to `<PackageReference Include="Contoso.Utilities" Version="1.2.3" />`, although [MSBuild allows multiple syntaxes to define item metadata](/visualstudio/msbuild/msbuild-items).

> Add the `Version="1.2.3"` item metadata is defined.

Reviewer: as defined? 
```suggestion
Add the `Version="1.2.3"` item metadata as defined.
```
